DateBox: add Overview (#7108)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/DateBox/01 Overview/10 Key Features.md

> - **Customization**    

Reviewer: We should mention all important features as other vendors do
We have at least two component in one so we will have a long list here

1. DateBox Types 
Describe the followings:
- [type prop](https://js.devexpress.com/React/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDateBox/Configuration/#type) 
- different types for value pickers
'calendar' | 'list' | 'native' | 'rollers'

2. Value Formating (Locale-dependent format, Built-in predefined formats, [Custom Format String](https://js.devexpress.com/React/Documentation/Guide/Common/Value_Formatting/#Format_Widget_Values/Custom_Format_String).

3. Masked Input (from Sveta's doc)

> You can use the [displayFormat](https://js.devexpress.com/jQuery/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDateBox/Configuration/#displayFormat) property to define a mask that controls user input if [useMaskBehavior](https://js.devexpress.com/React/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDateBox/Configuration/#useMaskBehavior) is true. 

4. Date/Time Ranges OR Accepted Date Range (min, max props)
Example of the description from other landing: 

> By default, component has no limits and will accept any date the user provides. To limit the available dates users can select from, simply use min and max properties. They enable you to define the valid date ranges available within the component. 

5. Date disabling

6. Calendar Options
Please describe the followings in one section or in different 
firstDayOfWeek
minZoomLevel /maxZoomLevel & zoomLevel
selectionMode
selectWeekOnClick
showWeekNumbers & weekNumberRule

7. Form Support and Value validation
Example of such description:

> Form support and date validation 
Date values are validated within a minimum and maximum range to enforce entering only a valid date value. In a form component, integrate the form validation plugin to perform custom validation in the date text box. 

We can mention invalidDateMessage & dateOutOfRangeMessage

8. Adaptivity
(see adaptivityEnabled)

9. A11y, KBN, RTL

10. Appearance settings
I found the following list of properties that set basic UI. I think we should mention them with short descriptions (you can try to shorten the list without loosing info)
- stylingMode
- label & [labelMode](https://js.devexpress.com/jQuery/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDateBox/Configuration/#labelMode)
- placeholder
- opened
- buttons[], [applyValueMode](https://js.devexpress.com/React/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDateBox/Configuration/#applyValueMode)
- [showClearButton](https://js.devexpress.com/jQuery/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDateBox/Configuration/#showClearButton) & [showDropDownButton](https://js.devexpress.com/jQuery/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDateBox/Configuration/#showDropDownButton) 
- buttons texts (applyButtonText, cancelButtonText, todayButtonText)
- dropDownOptions

11. Customization 
dropDownButtonTemplate
calendar cell template

> Set the DateBox [type](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDateBox/Configuration/#type) to date, time, or both. Define the [accepted date range](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/DateBox/Getting_Started_with_DateBox/#Set_the_Accepted_Date_Range) and specify the initial [value](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDateBox/Configuration/#value). [Disable](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDateBox/Configuration/#disabledDates) specific dates if needed. DateBox includes [3 value pickers](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/DateBox/Platform-Specific_Value_Pickers/) for different platforms.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Set the DateBox [type](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDateBox/Configuration/#type) to date, time, or both. You can define the [accepted date range](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/DateBox/Getting_Started_with_DateBox/#Set_the_Accepted_Date_Range), specify the initial [value](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDateBox/Configuration/#value), or [disable](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDateBox/Configuration/#disabledDates) specific dates if needed. DateBox includes [3 value pickers](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/DateBox/Platform-Specific_Value_Pickers/) for different platforms.
```

- **Formatting**    

> DateBox [formats](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/DateBox/Value_Formatting_and_Masked_Input/) its value according to the application's locale. Use [predefined or custom](/Documentation/Guide/Common/Value_Formatting/) formats as well.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
DateBox [formats](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/DateBox/Value_Formatting_and_Masked_Input/) its value according to the application's locale. Use [predefined or custom](/Documentation/Guide/Common/Value_Formatting/) formats.
```
